the countdown is launched the big
price of america it's in a little bit more
two months and the star on this day of
price of Brittany it's roxane griff the
best French mare launches her
winter campaign without its big
opponent
ready cash for the moment preserve well
they know that maybe this is the
mare to beat also because since
a moment it's the only one in vincennes I
speak because the scene is the only one
is able to a peul hang on to say
so that's the deposit is in shape
Libyan now after the aliens
must see who receives oak
royal dream has super hot going
to arrive but it will play between 5,6
plays in the head it will play between these
six there in the es6 there is also the
supercoupe low of guez and his pilot
coach jean michel bazire but so
especially oak quarcio born in France
and trained in sweden by björn goop
the Scandinavian team is dreaded
French but for the golden helmet
the big favorite is then that his
claw but we beat and ama beat it
last time I was here and shay
no chance of autumn as ready
cash but unfortunately is not
in the coup that today but roxane
griff is not easy
after several times of departure
quarcio of the extended oak it takes
more on the first pass before the
tribunes a lap later he will have to
suffer the law of a roxane imperial griff
and encouraged by his coach since
stables
I think you have to be fit
before winter meeting must foug pa
not to hide so we are in shape
you m like that what now what he
have to trust him keep there still
two months and the most difficult is
keep it in a state like this for
two months
the cats the coach knows how to do
and we do it entirely trust well
sure